---
title: About
layout: page
permalink: /about
---


<!-- # ABOUT FIRST YEAR BIS 1-STOP -->

<span class="first_word">Welcome</span> to our dedicated online
platform, “Information Center for First-Year Information Science
Students”. Our mission is to provide comprehensive support and resources
to empower first-year information science students as they begin their
academic journey.

Our user-friendly website offers many essential features designed to
help students navigate their degree program effectively:

### Program and course requirements:

Get an overview of the information science program's curriculum,
including core courses, electives, and credit requirements. Easily plan
your academic journey using our detailed course catalogues,
descriptions, and prerequisites.

### Areas of expertise and career prospects:

Explore potential areas of specialisation in information science,
explore recommended courses for each major, and learn about the
exciting career paths that await you. Make informed decisions about
your academic and career future.


### Resource library:

Access a curated collection of information science resources,
including textbooks, research papers, online courses, and academic
journals. Enhance your knowledge, stay up to date with the latest
advances and gain a deeper understanding of the field.

### Student Success Tools:

Achieve your study goals with our practical tools and resources, from
study guides and time management tips to effective note-taking
techniques and research and academic writing strategies. Connect with
your peers on our discussion forum for support, advice, and resource
sharing.

### Alumni highlights:

Be inspired by the successes and testimonials of information science
program alumni. Learn about their achievements, career paths, and
college experiences. Gain valuable insights to make the most of your
time in the program.

### About this site

Our website is meticulously designed using modern web development
technologies, ensuring a responsive design that is accessible across
different devices. We are committed to accuracy and regularly update our
information through collaboration with faculty, current students, and
alumni. Join us on this exciting journey through your information
science education. Our goal is to provide you with the knowledge and
resources needed to not only succeed in your studies but also develop
your future career in the dynamic field of information science. Welcome
to your one-stop information centre, where your success is our top
priority.

![](/assets/img/IS bottom.jpg)

<!-- {% include footer.html %} -->
